CIRA admits it killed -
pizza delivery driver

sda ¢ Be Pica:
roup warns against = #ivscncss
Be any retaliation attacks sin sss

  

Who got out of a maroon- after being attacked with a downto apersonal vendetta. “For those of you who may
coloured Vauxhall Astra at samurai sword She also revealed they had contemplate such a road I beg
The CIRA Kennedy Way and called him ‘The CIRA claimed it killed fled west Belfast after thelr you don't.”

i ‘| by name before shooting him him because of involvement in home was attacked and sald” Mr MeManus is the first per-
Claimed it killed coin the ‘back with 2 erininailty and. cterrorsing the victinrs car had been de- son to have been

 

  

  

 

  

him because of shotgun at about 11.20pm. the community with hatchets,  stroyed in an arson attack just, killed by the CIRA
i i The victim's 16-year-old knives and swords”. five weeks ago. since the 2009
involvement in prother’ ‘Christopher wit. The group also said that. Speaking to The Ish News, ‘murder of Consta-
criminality and nessed'the brutal killing, out “any” retaliation against its Sally McManus described the bie’ Stephen Car-
“ Side an outlet ofthe Domino's members would be met with shooting as “cowardly” roll, pictured, in
terrorising the pizza chain. extreme force”. “To shoot someone in Craigavon.

"The gunman’s car was later Mr McManus appeared in the back is such a cowardly A S4year-old man who
community discovered burnt out at De- court charged in connection act. | would like to come face handed himself in to police
with hatchets, —_newood Park, off Glen Road. with the sword attack in Turf to face with the person earlier this week for question-

MrMeManus, originally rom Lodge in February 2010. Who murdered my son," she ing about the latest shooting
knives and Turf Lodge, had fled west His mother said the family said. was released without charge
swords’ Belfast three years ago to live had been assured by police Mr McManus, who was fa- on Thursday.